1. What problem does the context API help solve?  Context api allows us to manage state throughout a component instead of having to use redux that is used for the whole application. 
1. In your own words, describe `actions`, `reducers` and the `store` and their role in Redux. What does each piece do? Why is the store known as a 'single source of truth' in a redux application?Actions are files that hold the Case Action and send the payload + action to our reducer's switch statement. Reducers are typically where we  hold initial state and updated versions of state for our whole app.  The store can be thought of what holds state or whatever information we want throughout the whole application.  We pass it down using provider on the highest lvl typically the index.js over the app.  This then allows us to use connect to pull slices of state that we need for that specific component 
1. What is the difference between Application state and Component state? When would be a good time to use one over the other?
Application state is the state held for the whole component, something we typically want if its gonna be needed somewhere else in the application that would be difficult or cumbersome to pass around.   Component state is a slice of state that is created at the component level and normally isnt passed down very far.  It can be prop drilled but it makes for some needless props being passed through components that might never actually use it and just pass it through instead of letting another state management system handle it.
1. Describe `redux-thunk`, what does it allow us to do? How does it change our `action-creators`?
Redux-thunk is a function within a function.  It allows us to manage a type of queue.  We can control the way functions are run and decide if they should move on to the next action if it passes our tests.  It also allows us to log at every level.  There are alot of uses for it.  
1. What is your favorite state management system you've learned and this sprint? Please explain why!
Context api is just much easier to grasp and less involved for the size of programs we are making. 